Go through all mentioned below enhancements to make qmoi be used by physically handcapped who can use other devices physically but handsfree. always remember to update all its .md files. you can enhance the whole workspace and its config files to use qmoi autoenhancements and all other features used to optimize and make device not use its memory and other factors that may make a device slow. Enhance the whole system and documantation so that the application can run in a device with very low ram, storage and other factors but still performs best and the evice also performs like it has very huge ram, memory, strorage and other factors, you can enhance further and add more features.  Enhance hoe qmoi connects to devices e.g car radio, laptop, phones,television and all other devices using whichever method qmoi can use to connect to the device with permission of the user, how qmoi will handle instructions and choices of user fo these devices, qmoi should always remember preferences as well as fix issues in all errors in the television and decoder automatically and update the details of these fixes. Add settings to automatically allow qmoi to connect to all devices automatically.(this qmoi alldevices handsfree feature should enable be used by very old individuals, very weak, physically challenged or those who dont have infor to use the devices as they should, qmoi should also respond to instructions like go to channel 5 , reduce volume ,play video on tv screen, play movie in tv , switch off tv, scan and fix all erros in decoder(should be decoder of all types and qmoi should also ensue to fix while researching, learning and always perfect .add a  QMOIALLDEVICESHANDSFREE.md , add a ENHANCEDQVS.md(Also enhance QVS feature and features qmoi sucures the device and itself , how it shells its network ip and other network details with faque unreal ones , also enhance how qmoi uses its vpn ), add a QVPNREADME.md , QMOIMASKS.md, QMOINETWORK . you can add any other .md files. Also enhance qmoi features to autoevolve, autoenhance add autoupgrade and all other features you can add. you can optimize and maximized the devices created in colab and dagshub . You can enhance Qmoi vpn so that it can always be running in colab and dagshub as a device or whichever best choice to ensure it is powerfull and can be rellied upon. add a ALPHAQMOIENGINE.md (it should contain list of all intergrations and platforms qmoi uses and qmoi should also be able to automatically handle them even when requested by master. for this case it should have colab, dagshub and any other. add QMOIACCOUNTSPLATFORMS.md (it should contain all accounts qmoi has and those qmoi will automatically create plus platforms, companies, websites and all other ) . You can enhance further the whole system even structure for easy qmoi auto development working and qmoi fixing . enhance so that the application may be very light in terms of size and yet very powerfull .Also enhance the device created in colab ,it should be called Qcity ,enhance it further and add more infor of the device in QCITYREADME.md .Also enhance qmoi server and all other features , in QI and Qcity add features qmoi can use to view all data and logs of qmoi with capabilities to delete ,restore them, completely delete and all others. also enhance how qmoi will send app ,project files or whatever file to user directly via whatsapp, chat interfaces and qmoihuggingfacespaces . also enhance qmoi to be able to do all its activities, e.g  teach users how to dance and even demonstrate in Q-Avatar . You can enhance further and update appearence of all its ui features and instructions in all ui features. You can enhance further and add features where qmoi can make movies from real pictures and videos , qmoi should also be able to make very high quality creatures and images that look very real, VFX creature modelling, digital sculping, green screen effect, ai generated creatures, hyperrealistic renderingm synthetic realism and any other techinque you might add. it should also be able to create them from instructions and drawings. Enhance how qmoi handles files and can be able to understand any drawing and can make drawings too.